Fix docs (#3681)
celestiaorg/celestia-app: docs/architecture/adr-022-multi-versioned-state-machine.md

## Context

> The Celestia application required a modification from the existing Cosmos SDK to support multiple versions of the state machine simultaneously. This capability is crucial for single binary syncs and ensuring a smooth transition during upgrades, allowing nodes to upgrade independently and then switch to the next state machine without any downtime to the network. This is important for a network which is dependent on by a large number of rollups and users.

Reviewer: I don't think this one is correct. Proposal to revert or rephrase to something like:

```suggestion
The Celestia application required a modification from the existing Cosmos SDK to support multiple versions of the state machine simultaneously. This capability is crucial for single binary syncs and ensuring a smooth transition during upgrades, allowing nodes to upgrade independently and then switch to the next state machine without any downtime to the network. This is important for a network on which a large number of rollups and users depend.
```
